This project structure is created from .NET Web API template, where I have added new folders that code can go into. This project will for now contain one .csproj file to keep things simple. 

If we later needs to change the structure for better seperations, we can split the folders like controllers into Api, Application Domain and infra where we add there own .csprj file that they can communicate through.

Project content: 

CONTROLLERS/ folder:
All web API controllers that we create: make sure that the use DTOs to return data to the frontend. and that it handles that through the Application services.

No business logic should go here, that belongs to the application layer. Only responsibility it should have is to accept request and return data. aswell as error handling and permissions. 

APPLICATION/ folder:
Business logic and use cases.
interfaces/ 
should have all the contracts that the SERVICES and the REPOSITORIES relies on. 
If your repository needs an Interface counterpart like IPlayerRepository this has to go here, even when the repository goes into the repo folder under infrastructure. This is because its an business logic, so that the application layer can define what the the app needs. 

Services/ 
buisness logic like PlayerService. etc

DTOS/ 
data transfer objects, that we use to safely communicate with the frontend. and makes sure that the backend controll what data is exposed and package it in objects that the frontend can use.

The services and DTOS are responsible for making sure that all requests from the frontned is validated, and not allowing the user to directly communicate with the backend eater through form submissions. 

DOMAIN/ Folder
Domain logic and rules. like entities and their attributes.

INFRASTRUCTURE/ folder
Communication with the database/percistance. 
Percitance /
has the database context file for EF core (entity framework)
Migrations / 
autogenerated by the EF core, once we create the db context file.. 

Repositories/
implementation of the repositories. 
and unit of work pattern 


We can also add Shared/ folder for utilies and helper functions. to group code that is resued multiple times. 
